docs(device events): initial add of event control plane docs (#1)
ajcasagrande/device-onvif-camera: doc/event-control-plane.md

                  "Manufacturer":"Intel",
                  "Model":"SimCamera",
                  "Port":"10001",
                  "SecretPath":"credentials002",
                  "SerialNumber":"4e5a4e47"
               }
            },
            "ServiceName":"device-onvif-camera"
         }
      }
   ]
}
```
### CameraDeleted
The following is a sample event emitted when a camera is deleted from the device service.

Where:

- **&lt;value&gt;** is the name of the device.
- **&lt;resourceName&gt;** the operation performed on the device
```json
{
   "apiVersion":"v2",
   "id":"5c69bee2-3471-47b8-a5e7-ec22e11d81d7",
   "deviceName":"device-onvif-camera",
   "profileName":"device-onvif-camera",
   "sourceName":"CameraDeleted",
   "origin":1650895307691330000,
   "readings":[
      {
         "id":"b2a01f7c-02ea-48d2-99b4-9d15132c1080",
         "origin":1650895307691330000,
         "deviceName":"device-onvif-camera",
         "resourceName":"CameraDeleted",
         "profileName":"device-onvif-camera",
         "valueType":"String",
         "value":"Intel-SimCamera-4e5a4e47-1d31-430c-97b4-0e144a705f95"
      }
   ]
}
```

## Control Plane Profile

> A profile has been added to define the operations of the control plane. This profile is located \cmd\res\profiles\control-plane.profile.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An EdgeX Device Profile has been added to define the control plane event schemas. This profile is located at [../cmd/res/profiles/control-plane.profile.yaml](../cmd/res/profiles/control-plane.profile.yaml).
```
